# Go API client for openapi_PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS

OAS 3.0.1 specification of the Performance Measurement Job Control Service @ 2020, 3GPP Organizational Partners (ARIB, ATIS, CCSA, ETSI, TSDSI, TTA, TTC). All rights reserved.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 16.8.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import openapi_PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID/openapi_PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi_PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi_PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi_PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi_PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://example.com/3GPPManagement/PerfMeasJobCtrlMnS/XXX*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**MeasJobsGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#measjobsget) | **Get** /measJobs | Read resources of measurement jobs
*DefaultApi* | [**MeasJobsJobIdDelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#measjobsjobiddelete) | **Delete** /measJobs/{jobId} | Delete a single measurement job
*DefaultApi* | [**MeasJobsJobIdGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#measjobsjobidget) | **Get** /measJobs/{jobId} | Read resource of a single measurement job
*DefaultApi* | [**MeasJobsPost**](docs/DefaultApi.md#measjobspost) | **Post** /measJobs | Create a measurement job


## Documentation For Models

 - [DayOfWeekType](docs/DayOfWeekType.md)
 - [ErrorResponseType](docs/ErrorResponseType.md)
 - [ErrorResponseTypeError](docs/ErrorResponseTypeError.md)
 - [MeasJobCreationRequestType](docs/MeasJobCreationRequestType.md)
 - [MeasJobCreationResponseType](docs/MeasJobCreationResponseType.md)
 - [MeasJobInfoResourceType](docs/MeasJobInfoResourceType.md)
 - [MeasJobsRetrievalResponseType](docs/MeasJobsRetrievalResponseType.md)
 - [PriorityType](docs/PriorityType.md)
 - [ReportingMethodType](docs/ReportingMethodType.md)
 - [ScheduleOfDayType](docs/ScheduleOfDayType.md)
 - [ScheduleOptionType](docs/ScheduleOptionType.md)
 - [ScheduleType](docs/ScheduleType.md)
 - [TimeIntervalType](docs/TimeIntervalType.md)
 - [UnsupportedMeasType](docs/UnsupportedMeasType.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



